Embeddings doc (#392)
IDinsight/ask-a-question: docs/components/huggingface-embeddings/deployment.md

# Deploying and Using Huggingface embeddings

To host huggingface embeddings we are using the

> [text-embeddings-inference](https://github.com/huggingface/text-embeddings-inference)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[text-embeddings-inference](https://github.com/huggingface/text-embeddings-inference) container
```

> by huggingface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by Hugging Face.
```

## How to deploy

Before deploying huggingface embeddings, we need to make sure that the vector size generated by the new embeddings is the same as pgvector vector size in `PGVECTOR_VECTOR_SIZE`. If not, we can

> update the vector size by uncommenting it in `.core_backend.env` and updating it to the new

Reviewer: Can we link to the Configuring AAQ page here also?

> value. Note that if the database is already existing, this will not work unless the database is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
value. Note that if the database is already set up using a different `PGVECTOR_VECTOR_SIZE` value, this will not work unless the database is
```

destroyed and created again.

> To deploy huggingface embeddings, follow the deployment instructions in [Quick Setup]("../../deployment/quick-setup.md").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy huggingface embeddings, follow the deployment instructions in [Quick Setup]("../../deployment/quick-setup.md") with the following additional steps:
```

On **Step 4:**:

1. Edit `.litellm_proxy.env` by uncommenting `HUGGINGFACE_MODEL`, `HUGGINGFACE_EMBEDDINGS_API_KEY`
   and `HUGGINGFACE_EMBEDDINGS_ENDPOINT`. `HUGGINGFACE_MODEL` and `HUGGINGFACE_EMBEDDINGS_API_KEY` and

>    should be updated accordin to need, but the default `HUGGINGFACE_EMBEDDINGS_ENDPOINT` should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   should be updated according to your need, but the default `HUGGINGFACE_EMBEDDINGS_ENDPOINT` should
```

   work with docker compose.

??? warning "If using an arm64 device, a docker image should be built locally before deployment."

    This can be done by running the make command: `make build-embeddings-arm`. Also,
    the variable `EMBEDDINGS_IMAGE_NAME` should be uncommented in `.core_backend.env`"

On **Step 6:** _Run docker-compose_, run the following command instead:

```bash
docker compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.dev.yml \
    --profile huggingface-embeddings -p aaq-stack up -d --build
```

> ### Dev setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Development environment setup
```

> If you are using the [Dev setup](../../develop/setup.md), you can start the container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To [set up your development environment](../../develop/setup.md) with Hugging Face embeddings, you can start the container
```

Reviewer: Cam we also clarify the folder location from which these commands should be run?

manually using:

```bash
make setup-embeddings
```

If you are using an arm device, you can first build the image using:

```bash
make build-embeddings-arm
```

then:

```bash
make setup-embeddings-arm
```

> ??? info "Before running the commands above, you need to make sure to export the environment variables"

Reviewer: Since this is a required action, should we use Warning?

```suggestion
!!! warning "Before running the commands above, you must export environment variables `HUGGINGFACE_MODEL` and `HUGGINGFACE_EMBEDDINGS_API_KEY`."
```

And we can maybe drop the stuff inside?

    This can be done using:

    ```bash
    export HUGGINGFACE_MODEL=<add-model-name>
    export HUGGINGFACE_EMBEDDINGS_API_KEY=<add-token>
    ```

> The embeddings api endpoint by default is at: http://localhost:8080.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The embeddings API endpoint by default is at: http://localhost:8080.
```

Also, can we make this something other than 8080? 8080 is used for mkdocs port usually.

Author: Usually 8080 is used for any web server in a dev environment. Since docs are not a component of AAQ and docker-compose doesn't use 8080 I think keeping it that way in dev is fine.

---

> ## Use huggingface embeddings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use Hugging Face embeddings with LiteLLM Proxy
```
